Add multi-stage scenarios in Access Review API beta (#15387)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewstage-stop.md

---
title: "accessReviewStage: stop"

> description: "Stop a currently active accessReviewStage."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Stop an inProgress accessReviewStage."
```

ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewStage: stop
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Stop a currently active [accessReviewStage](../resources/accessReviewStage.md). After the access review stage stops, the instance status will be in `Completed` status, the reviewers can no longer give input. If there are other stages depend on the completed stage, new stage will be created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stop a currently active [accessReviewStage](../resources/accessReviewStage.md). After the access review stage stops, the stage status will be in `Completed` status and the reviewers can no longer give input. If there are other stages depend on the completed stage, the next stage will be created. 
```

> Stop a currently active [accessReviewStage](../resources/accessReviewStage.md). After the access review stage stops, the stage status will be in `Completed` status and the reviewers can no longer give input. If there are subsequent stages that depend on the completed stage, the next stage will be created. 

Reviewer: Same comment as in the description above: Recommending that instead of the term "active", we use one of "Initializing", "NotStarted", "Starting", "InProgress", etc which relates to the status value of the status property. Pre-empts Qs.
Q on the impact of this statement: "After the access review stage stops, the stage status will be in Completed status and the reviewers can no longer give input. If there are other stages depend on the completed stage, the next stage will be created."
What is the impact on the decisions nav property? What will be the value of the applyResult, decision etc properties of the decisions nav property?
```suggestion
Stop an inProgress [accessReviewStage](../resources/accessReviewStage.md). After the access review stage stops, the stage status will be `Completed` and the reviewers can no longer give input. If there are subsequent stages that depend on the completed stage, the next stage will be created. 

 The [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects will always reflect the last decision recorded across all stages at that given time, regardless of the status of the stages.
```

---
title: "accessReviewStage: stop"
description: "Stop an inProgress accessReviewStage."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewStage: stop
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Stop an inProgress [accessReviewStage](../resources/accessReviewStage.md). After the access review stage stops, the stage status will be `Completed` and the reviewers can no longer give input. If there are subsequent stages that depend on the completed stage, the next stage will be created. 

>  The [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects will always reflect the last decision recorded across all stages at that given time, regardless of the status of the stages.

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi im trying to answer your question of "what is the impact of decisions on a stage on the overall decision items" with this statement. Does this make sense? Should we add it anywhere else?

An example of what im trying to explain:
3 stage review. For one decision item, it was approved in the first stage (decision item shows approved), unreviewed in the second stage (decision item still shows approved), then denied in the third stage (decision item shows denied  now). when the third stage is stopped, the review instance ends, and the user is denied.
